Add measurement example involving NI-DCPower and NI-VISA DMM instruments (#323)
ni/measurementlink-python: examples/output_voltage_measurement/README.md

## Output Voltage Measurement

> This is a MeasurementLink example that sources DC voltage as input with an NI SMU and measures output using NI-VISA DMM.

Reviewer: as input to what?
measures output of what?

Use the word "DUT".

> This is a MeasurementLink example that sources DC voltage as input with an NI SMU and measures output using NI-VISA DMM.

Reviewer: "NI-VISA DMM" may be useful shorthand but it's imprecise at best and misleading at worst. That's why the other readme doesn't use this term.

Reviewer 2: Updated to `... measures the DUT output with DMM using NI-VISA.`.

> This is a MeasurementLink example that sources DC voltage as input with an NI SMU and measures output using NI-VISA DMM.

Reviewer: I thought we were going to add content about how this example also works with a real DMM, like a 34401A

Reviewer 2: Added the below points to emphasize the use of real DMM:

To use a DMM like Keysight 34401A:
  - Update the [`OutputVoltageMeasurement.pinmap`](./OutputVoltageMeasurement.pinmap) to reflect the connected instrument's type and resource name.
  - Additionally, verify driver specific commands in `_visa_helpers.py` and update them when required.

### Features

> - Uses the `nidcpower` and `PyVISA` packages to access NI-DCPower and PyVISA from Python

Reviewer: don't combine these

- Uses the open-source `PyVISA-sim` package to simulate instruments in software

> - Pin-aware, supporting one session and pin per instrument
>   - Sources the DC voltage level on the selected pin/site
>   - Measures output voltage in a single output pin/site

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pin-aware, supporting one session and pin per instrument and a single site
  - Sources the DC voltage level of the DUT input pin
  - Measures the voltage of the DUT output pin
```

- Includes InstrumentStudio and MeasurementLink UI Editor project files
- For NI-DCPower, uses the NI gRPC Device Server to allow sharing the instrument sessions with other measurement services.

### Required Driver Software

- NI-DCPower
- NI-488.2 and/or NI-Serial
- NI-VISA
- Optional: NI Instrument Simulator software

Note: there is no Python instrument driver for the NI Instrument Simulator, so
this example directly performs low-level, device-specific commands and queries.

### Required Hardware

By default, this example does not require hardware; it uses a simulated instrument and PyVISA-sim to simulate NI-DCPower and NI-VISA DMM instruments in software. [`NIInstrumentSimulatorV2_0.yaml`](./NIInstrumentSimulatorV2_0.yaml) defines the behavior of the simulated NI-VISA DMM instrument.

This example requires an NI SMU that is supported by NI-DCPower (e.g. PXIe-4141).

> To use physical instruments, edit `measurement.py` to specify `USE_SIMULATION = False`

Reviewer: but in TestStand...

Reviewer 2: Added individual points explaining the edit flow for both MeasurementLink UI Editor / InstrumentStudio and TestStand.

## Output Voltage Measurement

This is a MeasurementLink example that sources DC voltage as input to the DUT with an NI SMU and measures the DUT output with DMM using NI-VISA.

### Features

- Uses the `nidcpower` package to access NI-DCPower from Python

> - Uses the open-source `PyVISA` package to access PyVISA from Python

Reviewer: This does not match https://github.com/ni/measurementlink-python/blob/main/examples/nivisa_dmm_measurement/README.md
```suggestion
- Uses the open-source `PyVISA` package to access NI-VISA from Python
```

  - Sources the DC voltage level of the DUT input pin
  - Measures the voltage of the DUT output pin
- Includes InstrumentStudio and MeasurementLink UI Editor project files
- For NI-DCPower, uses the NI gRPC Device Server to allow sharing the instrument sessions with other measurement services.

### Required Driver Software

- NI-DCPower
- NI-488.2 and/or NI-Serial
- NI-VISA
- Optional: NI Instrument Simulator software

Note: there is no Python instrument driver for the NI Instrument Simulator, so
this example directly performs low-level, device-specific commands and queries.

### Required Hardware

By default, this example does not require hardware; it uses a simulated instrument and PyVISA-sim to simulate NI-DCPower and NI-VISA DMM instruments in software. [`NIInstrumentSimulatorV2_0.yaml`](./NIInstrumentSimulatorV2_0.yaml) defines the behavior of the simulated NI-VISA DMM instrument.

This example requires an NI SMU that is supported by NI-DCPower (e.g. PXIe-4141).

To use physical instruments: 
- Edit `measurement.py` to specify `USE_SIMULATION = False` when working with MeasurementLink UI Editor / InstrumentStudio.

> - Edit `OutputVoltageMeasurement.seq` to specify `FileGlobals.UseSimulation` value to `False` when working with TestStand.

Reviewer: This is out of date

Reviewer 2: Updated.

To use NI Instrument Simulator hardware:

- Connect the NI Instrument Simulator over GPIB or serial.
- By default, the pin map included with this example uses the resource name
  `GPIB0::3::INSTR`, which matches the NI Instrument Simulator's factory default
  settings when connected via GPIB.
  - If this doesn't match your configuration, edit
    [`OutputVoltageMeasurement.pinmap`](./OutputVoltageMeasurement.pinmap) and replace
    `GPIB0::3::INSTR` with the desired resource name (e.g. `ASRL1::INSTR`).
  - To modify the NI Instrument Simulator configuration (e.g. GPIB address,
    serial configuration), use the `Instrument Simulator Wizard` included with
    the NI Instrument Simulator software.

> To use a DMM like Keysight 34401A:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use a 3rd party DMM, such as a Keysight 34401A:
```

> To use a DMM like Keysight 34401A:

Reviewer: Add this paragraph to the other VISA example's readme.

Reviewer 2: Will update this as part of work item 2473562.

>   - Update the [`OutputVoltageMeasurement.pinmap`](./OutputVoltageMeasurement.pinmap) to reflect the connected instrument's type and resource name.

Reviewer: Changing the instrument type in the pinmap requires changing the Python code and the .sfp file, so let's not recommend that here.

>   - Additionally, verify driver specific commands in `_visa_helpers.py` and update them when required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Additionally, verify driver specific commands in `_visa_helpers.py` and update them if required.
```
